Marie Winter has a dirt
file here in prison.
Once I get a hold of it, we
won't just nail her protector,
we'll have her entire network.
Well, good, 'cos that's your job.
Taylah, what the fuck
did you do with that gear?
I told Kaz where I stashed it, she
said she'd get rid of it for me.
Marie? Marie?!
You need to stay away from Kaz.
Come on, I'm not afraid of her.
- She's already tried once.
- That gear?
She poisoned me?
Or you'll what, Kaz?
- Slip them some gear laced with rat poison?
- The fuck?
- Still reckon she wouldn't dog ya.
- You crossed Kaz.
Kaz is your best friend, and
you picked Marie over her.
Kaz tried to kill Marie.
- I can't trust you.
- What?
We're done.
Chamberlain, the doctor you
assaulted, he dropped dead.
What are my chances of being convicted?
You're fucked.
You're pregnant.
- I wanna be a proper dad...
- There's no "we", Jake.
I'm having this baby on my own.
I've got the money.
You are not getting anything...
That's not Ferguson!
Channing has shot her
right in front of me.
Murphy was the blackmailer.
- There might be a way out of this.
- How?
Derek Channing, formerly a
correctional services manager,
will be remanded over the murder
of former Wentworth Corrections Officer
Brenda Murphy and
ex-governor Joan Ferguson.
Ruby's out... you're fighting me.
Your sister's a coward.
Finish her!
She killed Dragovic.
Where's Winter's file?
You never fucking had it, did ya?
You strung us along,
you murdered an inmate.
We're calling it, the
undercover op is finished.
We're cutting you loose.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Synced & corrected by PetaG & chamallow
- www.addic7ed.com -
_
You're being released back into general.
Thanks for getting me out of that hole.
- How'd you go?
- No record as an undercover.
All I found was Rita Mitchell,
a uniformed member NWA.
That was over a decade ago.
Have you heard about
Marie's sentence, Governor?
Not yet, Novak.
Clearly some level of
corruption has been involved,
but I'll have a hard time proving
it, if they disappeared your file.
You're saying, as far as
the cops go, I don't exist?
She got 15 years.
15 years.
15 fucking years.
If you plead self-defence I
may be out to get the charges
knocked down to manslaughter.
- But you're still looking at...
- 15 fucking years.
Shit lawyers, "Don't do anything
to aggravate your sentence."
"Keep your head down."
Well, where did that get me?
Wow.
Now people are gonna pay.
What are you in for?
Murder.
Hey, anything you need,
just... come see me, yeah?
Through here.
- What's going on?
- Governor wants to see you.
Thank you, Mr Jackson.
I heard about your sentence.
I know it's more than
you were expecting.
I just want to get back to my unit.
It is never easy, particularly at first.
But I want a guarantee there
won't be any trouble as a result.
- Is that clear?
- Perfectly.
There'll be no trouble from
me, I can promise you that.
Take Winter back to her unit.
She's making all the right noises,
I'm not sure I can trust her.
Well, she's been a model
prisoner the past few months.
Yeah, she had every reason to
be, now she's an unknown quantity.
- Keep a close eye on her.
- OK.
- What happened?
- All went to shit.
You've got visitors.
Bit of overkill, isn't it?
We heard about your sentence.
Ah, so you're here to console me?
Nothing short of what you deserve.
Least I'm not a cold-blooded killer.
Hey, I know you've been
laying low, hoping for release.
But if you think this is a
game-changer, think again.
I think you're a touch paranoid, Kaz.
I've got no power in here.
So, I'd be stupid to take on
you and your army, wouldn't I?
I'm not talking about
me, talking about Rita.
Not interested, I just
want to get outta here.
Enjoying the new digs.
You know what they say,
you lay down with dogs...
- Oh what? You get loyalty!
- Good luck with that.
- What happened?
- I don't know.
I was told the strings that people...
God, I'm as shocked as you are.
So, what now?
Well I'm gonna appeal,
I'm not accepting this.
Hey...
... at least we'll be together.
Yeah.
Ooh... don't pull.
Hey, Ms Bennett!
You've really popped!
Oh...
Yeah, can you still work like that?
Yeah, pregnancy's not
an illness, Jenkins.
I can still do
everything perfectly well.
- You ever gonna tell us who the father is?
- Yeah.
Finally let you out. Welcome back.
- What happened with Marie?
- 15 years.
I'm fucked as well.
Can we just have a minute?
You watch your back, OK?
- Why? What did she say?
- Just shit she thinks I want to hear,
but I don't buy it for a second.
She's coming.
For both of us.
Oi.
- You heard about Marie?
- Yeah.
Yeah? Well, you've
got to get out of here.
- Your lawyer's find anything?
- Nah.
Dodgy bastards erased my
entire history from the unit.
How?
- Everyone knows who you are.
- Rue,
the whole point being an undercover cop
is no-one knows you're a
cop, not even other cops.
Yeah, but you were in uniform.
NWA over ten years ago.
Still, it's not like you're
gonna turn into a biker.
Plenty of former cops turn bad, Rue.
- Oh, shit.
- I know.
- That's the fucked-button.
- Fucked-button?
I'm scared for you, Rite.
You know Marie'll
want payback for Drago.
- She's got no crew.
- Yeah, but she's got some weird pals.
- She's like the Boogie Man, or something!
- Don't talk like that.
True.
Hey, I can handle myself.
What's that?
These came for you.
This fella?
He called it quits.
Yeah, well, he must've changed his mind.
He's been writing twice a week
since you've been in the slot.
He's a persistent follower,
reckon he still wants to marry ya! Eh?
I reckon I'm gonna have
to knock that on the head.
Why don't you just sit down,
show me what you've got?
Yeah, look, I'll show you what I've got.
So, we go left into this corridor,
- and then, right into the heart.
- Yeah...
you don't need to write all
that shit down, all right?
Just... keep sticking with me, OK?
Wh... what if you're not here?
Hello? I'm in prison, where am I going?
Oh, just... give me that,
I'll draw you a fucking map.
Listen I'm gonna need
you as extra muscle.
- Why?
- Marie got 15 years.
She's got nothing to lose now.
Do you think she might
try and shiv you again?
She'll do something.
Oh, my God, love, that's not good.
Who's Marie, again?
Well, this changes everything.
How do you mean?
We can't keep hiding this
for the next 15 years.
I... guess I never thought about it.
I thought you were getting out.
- Yeah, me, too.
- Which is the reason I wanted to continue this.
Look, sooner or later,
we'd get sprung, and...
Yes, I'd get fired and
never see you again.
We should be realistic, I think.
What, you want to cut it off?
Are you OK with that?
It's probably a good idea.
So, we agree, then?
Yeah.
The lawyer reckons I could be
in here for a very long time,
even if I plead self-defence.
Yeah... I'm sticking by you, Rite.
Ray, you're not listening to me.
I want you to get on with
your life, not waste it
pining on someone you can't be with.
Damnit.
The last three months killed me.
I thought I'd fucked it when
you didn't answer any more,
but it gave me some
thinking time, and...
I can't live without you.
Well, you're gonna have to.
Marie.
So, we are... right here?
- Yep, this is the hub.
- Yeah, and we're heading there.
- Oh, the showers?
- Showers.
- The showers...
- Lucas? It's Marie,
I need you to visit as
soon as possible, all right?
Jenkins? Governor wants to see you.
- What for? I haven't done nothing.
- Don't argue, just move.
Not you, Birdsworth,
go back to your unit.
Tell your shadow to go.
Stay! Just use the map, the map!
You lost?
- You're Marie.
- Yeah, that's right.
Well, don't worry, I'll look after you.
All right.
- I've... I've got a map.
- Ah... salud.
Well, don't give me that
look, Jenkins, it's good news.
A date's been set for your parole
hearing in two months' time.
Fucking hell! That's the best
fricking news ever, isn't it?!
Yeah, now I do need to remind you
that just because you
are eligible for parole
doesn't automatically
mean you'll be granted it.
No... no, I've got to pass
my parole hearing first.
Yeah. And in meantime, you
have to be a model prisoner.
- So, no fighting...
- Fuck no.
So...
No swearing.
Shit.
Sorry.
OK, all right, and you have to
fulfil any required programme.
Yep, whatever you say.
_
OK, let's go through the details.
Hey! I've got to talk to ya.
- I... I can't be your muscle no more.
- Why? What's up?
It's me parole hearing, it's
coming up in, like, two months.
Huh!
- Congratulations!
- Yeah!
Oh... sorry.
'Cos I know you're worried
about Marie and everything.
But you know, maybe she
won't even try nothing?
The fuck are you doing with Liz?
Oh, she was lost, the poor thing.
Her friends just abandoned her.
There you are! I was
worried where you'd get to.
- You all right, Liz?
- Yes...
I think so. Why wouldn't I be?
Fucking told you not to leave Liz alone.
Well, I couldn't help it, could I?!
What did she want to
see you about, love?
- Oh...
- Boom?
Hey.
What are you lard-asses doing
here? Come on, we've got a game on.
Move, move, move!
Oi, hot stuff! No rough
play, or you're out.
- Come on, I didn't fucking do anything!
- So!
Ahem the fuck up, Lizzy!
Channing's trial date's been set.
There's nothing to worry about,
he's ganged-up for Murphy's murder.
Over here, Booms!
What if he starts mouthing
off about his blackmail story?
No-one will believe him, they
all think he's a cokehead.
Plus, they've shut down the
investigation to the senior staff.
- I hope you're right.
- Shit, look out!
- Are you OK?
- I fucking warned you, Costa!
Get off the court now.
- What the fuck?!
- You could've hurt Vera!
Vera? Did you knock her up, Mr Stewart!
All right, that's it,
everyone off the court now.
- I'm shutting this down, give it here.
- That's not fair!
No, she's the idiot, not us!
If you don't like it,
get back to your units.
Hey.
Are you holding?
Fuck off.
Hey, what's that?
- Oh, wow!
- Hey, Rita!
You seeing this? Look up there!
Oh, he's serious about you!
_
- "Marry me, Rita!"
- Say yes! Say yes!
That's lovely, Rita!
Ray? What the fuck do
you think you're doing?
If you don't say "yes",
I'll have to keep going.
You're gonna blow all your money on *.
- Yeah, until you change your mind.
- It's not gonna happen, Ray.
If you get married, sis,
can I be your best man?
I'm not getting fucking married!
Can you just drop the overprotective
stuff, Jake, it is nauseating.
- You don't have the right to tell me what I can...
- The right?
- Give me a break.
- It's bad enough that the staff
- know you're the father...
- Not that you've ever acknowledged it.
I don't need the prisoners
finding out, as well!
Vera, I accept we won't
be honeymooning in Hawaii.
But whether you like it or not,
I have a right to be
part of this child's life.
Governor? Dr Miller's here.
- Ah, send him in.
- Come on through.
What's wrong?
I'm here to deliver the baby.
Sorry!
It's not true, I'm a psychiatrist.
Er, this is Jake Stewart.
He's one of my senior officers.
- Good to meet you, Jake.
- Likewise.
Dr Miller is joining the team,
we are very lucky to have him.
He's highly credentialed.
As what, a stand-up comic?
Yeah, I did try that in
Edinburgh once, but uh,
medicine got the better of me.
Well, you made the right choice.
Dr Miller's been awarded
a prestigious grant.
It's got special interests
in Anti-Recidivism.
Well, that will come
in handy around here.
Mr Stewart?
Could you do me a favour and
give Dr Miller a bit of a tour
- while I finish this report?
- Sure!
Iso would be a good start.
Welcome aboard, Greg.
Thanks.
Boomer?
Oi, idiot!
Hey, Mr Stewart! Who's the hottie?
- Hey, pretty boy!
- G'day, you want a gobby?
Oh, fuck... fuck!
Actually, sorry, Mr
Stewart, I didn't mean that!
- That just came out.
- Don't worry about that,
I got it too when I first arrived.
- Ooh!
- Hope that's the new shrink!
Boomer? We training, or
you checking out the talent?
I'm checking out the talent.
- Well, come on here!
- Just c'mon...
Hey... I've got to tell you something.
My parole hearing's
coming up in two months.
- What?!
- Yeah!
But, erm... don't say nothing to Liz.
'Cos she's, you know, she... Hey!
- Yeah, OK.
- Hey.
- You know, she...
- Hey, come on, Miss Parole!
- Miss Parole?
- Hands up, that's it.
- Boomer thinks I don't know.
- What's that, Liz?
Well, Ruby's training Boomer
to disguise her own training,
'cos apparently, she wanted
to hide it from someone.
Harder!
- Ey! You heard of knocking?
- I know what you're doing.
- What, taking a piss?!
- Training Boomer?
- I get out in a month, I'm gonna box.
- No, you're not!
- Nothing you'll be able to do about it, eh?
- Listen,
I didn't kill Drago
so you could piss your life
away with one lousy punch.
Well, best start training me, then,
- so I can protect myself.
- Fuck you.
Sissy...
... I know what you've done for me.
And I know what it's cost you.
I'll never forget that.
But I gave up Allie.
I can't give up on boxing, too.
Hey.
- What's up?
- Oh, I'm pissed off. For you.
I know it's a lot to process. You
thought I was leaving, and now...
... well, everything's changed.
I really love you, Allie, but
I need you to be honest with me.
Are we gonna stay together?
Can you commit to me now?
This is the second
message I've left you.
I need to speak to you
urgently, so you better show up.
Hey. Are you holding?
- What are you after, hon?
- Crank.
Sorry, can't help you with that.
Birdsworth...
... showing signs of
deterioration for some time now.
Perhaps you might recommend
relocating her to the psych unit...
... relocating her to the psych unit.
- She could be a danger to herself and us.
- Liz?
There's someone I want
to introduce you to.
This is Dr Miller, the
new staff psychiatrist.
- Hi, Liz. Greg Miller. Pleased to meet you.
- Why?
I just thought you might
like to have a chat sometime.
No. No, I don't think so.
- Kaz!
- There you are. I told you to wait for me!
They want to stick me in the psych unit.
- I know that's what they're planning.
- What are you talking about?
- Who's gonna do what?
- The new shrink.
No, that's not gonna
happen, not while I'm here.
And I've got life.
So, what took you so long?
Have you forgotten where
the money comes from, Lucas?
Money? That's your problem.
- What?
- Everyone heard you got 15 years.
Other plays are moving in.
You tell those fucking ingrates
they still have a job to do!
- I want my son's killer found.
- No-one is looking for his killer.
No-one gives a shit.
They're not dancing
to your tune any more.
- Where's your fucking loyalty?!
- You're not my boss!
Drago was my boss, and loyalty
is what she had for you,
and look where that got her.
You said she'd be getting out.
You said she'd be taking revenge.
- I know, but I couldn't get to her.
- You've done fuck all!
I couldn't get to her,
man. She was in isolation.
I've got no respect for
you, Marie. No-one has.
We're tired of waiting.
You're finished.
Bad news?
- I don't want to talk about it.
- OK.
- Anything I can do?
- I don't want your help or your sympathy.
I'm not a beaten dog.
- Look, I just want...
- No, don't!
Leave me alone.
Fucking prick!
You know, he fucking bleeds me dry,
and now he says that no-one
gives a fuck about Danny?!
You know I'm never gonna
find out who killed him.
- You don't know that.
- "No-one gives a shit!"
You know what? Well, fuck them all!
I should've got revenge on Kaz and Rita.
No! You were right to let it go.
- I did not let that go. I put that on hold.
- Marie,
Rita is gonna be punished,
OK? She's facing 15 years, too.
You're gonna be stuck with
both of them for a long time.
Don't make your life...
... OUR life harder than it needs to be.
OK?
OK? I can't commit to that.
OK.
You're right.
I don't wanna lose you again, eh?
What's going on between you and Winter?
Nothing.
It's not the first time I've
seen you two having private chats.
- Look, she was sad, I just...
- Are you fucking her?
No!
- You know she's on with Allie.
- Look, I said I'm not, OK?
OK, well, just a heads-up.
You might want to keep your
distance, 'cos it looks suss.
So, you finally said yes to a visit,
which I'm thinking can
only mean one thing.
You've caved.
You won't want to
marry me any more, Ray,
- not once you know the truth.
- The truth?
You're, um... you're
married to someone else.
I'm an undercover cop.
I befriended you to infiltrate
the Conquerors bikers club
and report on their drug trafficking
and illegal gambling activities.
Infiltrate?
Well, I was...
The whole time you've known me,
throughout our entire relationship,
I've been a cop, dogging a club.
That's why the cops were
always one step ahead.
They were picking us off, one by one.
I thought it was bad luck.
What the fuck?
And why didn't they arrest me?
Because you were my unwitting informant.
- That's what I was to you.
- I'm sorry, Ray,
but I have to tell you
this for your own sake.
Obviously you can't breathe
a word of this to anyone,
or your mates will put
a bullet through you.
Who are you?
How did Ray take it?
No, I'm sorry, sis.
Hey.
There's two of us now, eh?
You sure you can trust him?
Yep.
I'm just saying, it's a risky play.
I'd trust Ray with my life.
Even now.
How you settling in? Anything you need?
Just the person I wanted to see.
Come on in.
I was hoping to identify
a select group of prisoners
to participate in the
anti-recidivism programme.
Yeah, how can I help?
Well, naturally, you
know the women well.
I was wondering if you
could put together a list
of the usual suspects,
just as a starting point.
Yeah, I can do that.
Any particular criteria?
Yeah, I'd suggest selection
based on risk, need,
responsivity to any previous...
Sorry to interrupt.
Governor, I need a word
before you go home tonight, please.
- Yeah, what is it?
- I want to resign.
What?!
Are you worried about Channing's trial,
- what it might dredge up?
- No, it's not that.
Well, then, why?
Uh, it just feels like it's
time to put the past behind me,
move on from this place.
And I probably should have
done it a long time ago.
Is there any way I can
talk you out of this?
- Maybe a raise. I could...
- No. My mind's made up.
I don't know how I will
survive without you, Will.
At the same time, I don't
want to hold you back.
It's entirely your decision to make.
In that case, I'd like
to leave in two weeks.
Yeah.
Thank you, Vera.
- Goodnight.
- Goodnight, Will.
What have you got there, Kylee?
Fuck off, it's mine!
No!
You were seen scoring
at the visitor's centre.
Piss the fucking dog.*
Look, maybe you don't know, but
I have a zero tolerance policy.
- What?
- You heard.
So you're gonna flush that.
Like fuck I am!
- This cost me all my fucking cash!
- It's either that
or the steam press, and believe me,
this is the far less painful option.
Fuck you, bitch! No! No! No!
No! No!
- What have you done?!
- I'm gonna kill you!
No! No!
No! No! No!
- You're becoming a regular customer.
- I want ice. A lot of it.
Heard you were on the
roast, but from H to ice?
- Things are bad!
- You want the money or not?
And I'll need a knife.
- Ahh... !
- This what you're after?
I've got... I've got no money.
It's a gift.
And not only that,
I'll keep you supplied.
So you come see me whenever you want it.
What do you want?
Kaz Proctor.
I fucking hate Proctor.
Me too.
Didn't think you'd see me.
I owe you that much.
You can tell me what a lowlife dog I am.
Hmm... Mm-hmm.
I still wanna marry you.
- What the fuck, Ray?
- Yeah.
I'm a fucking cop. I
betrayed you for two years.
Oh, yeah, you're good,
I'll give you that.
I didn't have a fucking clue who
you were or where you were going
when you went off for
all that me time, but...
but you're not that good.
It wasn't just sex.
We have...
we have a connection
unlike anything else.
And you can fake a few things, but...
... but I know you love me.
And you can't fake that.
Huh...
So, you call me a mug,
but you're the girl I'm gonna marry.
What am I gonna do with you?
Well, you can...
start by explaining
if you're still a cop,
what are you doing in here?
I was set in here to do an
undercover job on a fellow prisoner.
And that involved
killing this Drago bitch?
No, that was self-defence,
but my bosses weren't too impressed
so the bastards cut me
off and deleted my files.
So technically I'm not a cop any more.
Unless I find a way to prove it,
I'm stuck in here for 15 years.
Well, so you give me
these fuckers' name,
I go round and have a chat
- and sort something out.
- Ray...
And if that doesn't work, you go public,
expose these corrupt
bastards for who they are.
Can't do that.
Conquerors would hunt
you down and kill you,
and I'd be beaten to
death by the prisoners.
Yeah...
There is that.
If you weren't such a
dumb fuck, I'd marry you.
She said yes.
She said yes!
We're gettin' married!
Governor, I've got Connors
insisting on seeing you...
- Miss Bennet...
- What is it, Connors?
As prison governor, can you
perform a marriage ceremony?
She's still not away.
Do you reckon I should wake her up?
No, Liz'll get up when she gets up.
Yeah...
Yeah, she seemed a bit down,
so I thought maybe I should
do something with her, you know?
You're a good friend, Booms.
Yeah. Well, you know,
she deserves it, eh?
I reckon she's gonna start to
get better real soon too, eh?
No, she's not.
What? You can't say that.
Booms, we've just got
to hope for the best,
but be prepared for the worst.
Steady on!
That's what you say when
someone's, like, about to die.
That's the way this rotten disease goes.
Yoo-hoo!
There she is!
Yeah, I had a lovely nap.
- You're up.
- Yeah?
Great!
- It's time for walkies.
- You?
- Exercise?
- Yeah!
- Well, it's good for the brain, eh?
- Is it?
- Yeah!
- Well, in that case...
Come on, it's good for the brain.
- Come on, Rubes.
- All right.
- See you, Kaz.
- I'll meet you later.
No!
What the fuck?!
Ahhh!
Get off me! Get off me!
- Drop the weapon now!
- Get back here!
- Open the door.
- Drop the shiv!
Open the fucking door, or
I'm gonna cut this baby out.
Do what she says!
Do what she says.
Code blue, this is Sierra 6.
Prisoner with a shiv
has the governor hostage,
heading to the North Yard.
Get the fuck away from her!
Clear all the prisoners,
seal all the gates.
Let her go!
Let her go! Let her go now!
Jake, Jake, back off. Watch it.
Everyone out of the fucking way!
It's not OK, it's not OK!
- It's OK. It's OK.
- No, it's not OK.
- It's OK.
- It's not...
Kylee, why don't you tell
me what it is you want?
I want my baby back.
Fuck off!
Kylee, I'm Greg Miller.
- Can I talk to you?
- No, I don't wanna talk to anyone.
You stay away! You keep away from me!
I won't come any closer.
I just want to talk.
I just want to understand what's
going on for you right now.
They're all trying to get me.
- They want kill me, they want to hurt me.
- No,
- no
- one wants to hurt you, Kylee.
- Yes, they do.
- I want to keep you safe.
OK? I want to keep everyone safe.
Yeah, but she's not safe.
She's never gonna be safe.
I know you don't wanna hurt anybody.
You don't wanna hurt
Miss Bennett, or her baby.
It wasn't my fault. It wasn't
my fault. I didn't do it.
That's OK, that's OK...
'Cos she's dead, isn't she?
No! She's dead, isn't she?
- My little baby girl...
- It's OK...
- That's OK...
- My little girl...
It was an accident, Kylee.
OK, I know you didn't
want to hurt your child...
They told me, they told
me, the voices told me.
She had the devil in her, she was...
- Listen to my voice.
- ... she was possessed...
- Listen to my voice, Kylee, OK?
- No... No!
I want my baby back.
OK, here's what we're gonna do.
I want to come over and take
Miss Bennett by the hand,
- and I want you to let her go.
- It's OK...
Because you don't want
to hurt Miss Bennett.
- That's OK. It's OK.
- It's OK.
OK, Kylee...
... I'm just gonna take
Miss Bennett's hand.
OK?
Where's my baby?
- I know.
- My baby...
I know, Kylee. I'm just
gonna take her hand, OK?
OK?
I've got her now, Kylee. You can let go.
Make everyone safe, OK?
OK.
Hold her still.
Steady...
- You OK?
- Yeah.
Let's get her into the psych
unit until she calms down, yeah?
Yeah, sure.
You OK?
Your pulse is racing, but
the foetal heart rate is fine.
I was right to be protective.
- You're not being careful enough.
- No, you need to back off, Jake,
- or I'll have you charged with harassment.
- It's my child too.
I'm not gonna stand by
while you jeopardise...
Don't you dare blame me for this!
You need to be on maternity
leave, not working.
- I am not an invalid.
- I...
Everything all right?
Yeah, it's fine.
Thank you for what you did out there.
You saved my baby's life.
Is there a problem?
Yes, he's the father.
I see.
Hey, love, where are you going?
There's a seat for you there.
I don't think so.
It's OK, Liz, I'm with Marie.
Are you OK, love?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Why'd that girl attack you?
Because she was off
her head on drugs, Liz.
Hey, that new shrink was
pretty good today, eh?
Oh, no, no, I don't trust him.
He was a fricking hero.
I reckon he'd have a big cock.
I don't care about his big cock,
he threw that girl into the psych unit.
I don't know how much
time I've got left,
but I don't want to spend it
in a psych unit, fuck that!
I've still got things that I wanna do.
Like what, Liz?
I can't remember.
Well, when you do remember,
why don't you write them down?
Yeah, like... like a bucket list.
- Yeah, that's what you need, Lizzy.
- A what?
A bucket list.
- You figure out exactly what you want, right?
- Yeah.
And... and we'll make
all your dreams come true.
One way or another.
Oh, well, that sounds lovely!
- Is it a bucket list?
- That's a bucket list, that's what we're gonna do.
- Miss Bennett. Are you OK?
- Miss Bennett's here.
Shitting ourselves, eh?
I was gonna rugby tackle her, right?
But um... I don't know, the shrink
seemed to have it under control.
Thank God nothing happened
to you and the bub.
Everyone, everyone,
thank you. That's... I...
I really appreciate it.
We're both fine.
- Good.
- Connors, the general manager has approved.
A civil celebrant can
perform your wedding.
- Congratulations.
- Thanks so much, Miss Bennett.
Does that mean I get to be the best man?
Who else am I gonna ask?
Hey, attention, compound!
We're gonna have a fucking wedding!
Hey. You wanted to see me?
Come in. Shut the door.
Are you OK?
I'm gonna step back from
my governor's duties.
- You going on maternity leave?
- No, no, not yet.
I want to reduce my hours and
the management stress
is just a bit too much.
Fair enough.
Well, I'm sure the GM will have...
I need you to take
over as Acting Governor.
- I've resigned.
- Postpone it.
- I can't, Vera.
- I need to know
I'm leaving the women in safe hands.
I just don't think I'm the right person.
Oh, Will, you're
exactly the right person.
Nobody knows this prison like you do.
- Sorry, I can't do it.
- But you care so much about the women.
It's only for a few months
until I come back, and then you can
leave with my blessing, I promise.
- Look, I'd love to. I just don't think...
- Please do this for me.
We've been through so much together.
Hey, don't worry, hon, you're
not missing out on anything.
Ray!
Let me go!
Let me go! Let me go!
Ray!
Synced & corrected by PetaG & chamallow
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org